- [Instructor] I'm not sure if you noticed,
but the custom MessageHeader properties were not propagated
in our response management using the @SendTo.
Looking at the current queue, which I have open,
you will not see the custom properties of order state,
store ID, or book order ID.
We're gonna remedy by using a MessageBuilder.
Now, of course, we could instantiate
an abstract message class on our own
and populate the headers manually,
but that really gets tedious.
Spring offers the MessageBuilder object
for easing that process.
We're gonna go back and open our WarehouseReceiver
and change the return type of the ProcessedBookOrder
and we're gonna wrap it with a message
for ProcessedBookOrder.
We're wrapping our return type with a message type
because the message type has the ability to represent
our needed JMS headers, which we want to pass along.
And that's all we're gonna do in this class
because our WarehouseProcessingService
contains much of the logic for determining
the order of the state should be.
In our WarehouseProcessingService,
we're similarly going to change the return type.
We'll type Message.
Okay, we wanna capture the state of the orders
and pass them along, so they can be seen in ActiveMQ
for debugging or for some future processing logic.
Let's create a new private method called build
at the bottom of the screen and that's going to return
our message ProcessedBookOrder object.
So we'll type
private
Message
ProcessedBookOrder and we'll call this build.
And this method is gonna take three parameters.
It's gonna take a ProcessedBookOrder.
It will take a orderState, which is of type String.
And we're going to pass the storeId,
which is also of type String.
Inside the new build method,
we'll work with Spring's MessageBuilder.
Now, Spring indicates that this builder class can be used
for creating generic messages with headers
where the payload could be any standard JMS message.
Interestingly, you could also pass a throwable
if you wanted to send along an exception that occurs.
In a micro service environment, that can be very useful.
Where several micro services are glued together
through the use of a MOM like ActiveMQ,
as messages are passed along, you can sometimes lose sight
of what caused the original problems.
So we will use a MessageBuilder here to capture the payload
of the ProcessedBookOrder and our other MessageHeaders.
We're going to type return
MessageBuilder.
Hit Enter.
We'll type withPayload.
Our payload is going to be the bookOrder.
We'll hit Enter again.
.setHeader
and we're going to apply the first one as the orderState.
And of course, we're passing it in our orderState.
Hit Enter again.
And we're going to say setHeader as well.
And this time, we're gonna pass in the storeId
with the storeId.
And then we're gonna use a chained method called build.
In fact, all of these are chained methods
using the dot annotation.
So we're returning what our chained message builder object
allows with the payload and two headers.
Now, in each of our add, update, and delete methods,
let's use this build method we created.
So we'll come up here.
We'll type
build
and
we've already got this wrapped, so we'll type comma.
We need our
orderState.
So for the deleted,
we're gonna use the past tense of delete.
We'll say Deleted.
And we're gonna pass our storeId.
I need to change this up here as well
to be a wrapped ProcessedBookOrder.
We'll come up to our next one.
Same thing again, build.
Comma, we're gonna use the past tense of update,
so we'll say
Updated
'cause that's what this is doing.
It's saying that the record was updated.
Again, we're going to change this and wrap this
with our message.
And finally,
our
add method.
Type build, parenthesis,
comma.
We're gonna say Added, past tense.
And of course, the storeId.
Okay, so let's go ahead and compile our app again.
And we'll run it.
Okay.
So let's open up
our application.
Refresh this.
Select Lost at Sea, click Add to Order.
Come over to our messages and refresh this page.
Go to queues.
So we have two messages, click on the last one.
And now, you can see that we have the store ID,
we have the order state, and
we have the message at the bottom.